Update leanproject documentation (#198)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/leanproject.md

### Getting mathlib oleans

> In an existing project *depending on* mathlib (but not mathlib itself), you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an existing project *depending on* mathlib
(for mathlib itself, use `leanproject get-cache`, see below), you can
```
